hello everyone I am the electric man
will fill and I come to say my opinion
about a certain subject that I suppose
more than one must already have known
just today I just found out that in
2015 will be a new dragon movie
ball z directed by akira toriyama lo
which is great news because it does not
I know how many months Toriyama had said
that I did not want to continue the series and that
therefore there would be a new saga what
which seemed like shit to me because for
me the end of the battle movie
of the gods was like a continue and
I assumed that the movie was a simple
prologue to what is coming goes and is for
what a possible sequel to the
battle of the gods would be a
excellent opportunity to close
the story although I guess for that
it would take another movie more later
of this because if you do not see everything very
hurried in addition this would be a good
opportunity to see how they give more
protagonism to characters like itching or
bojan noten trump if maybe apan and me
I would also like to see something whose deal
is to work as a team or something like that
this is just a guess
another topic that I should talk about is
about if the movie will be
dubbed the Latino as they did with the
previous although remember that for that
the movie was delayed several months but
I think this time it will be faster
because now you do not need to have
that bring all the actors together one by
one and it is possible that he arrives after only one
good wait month I know there was a lot
people that did not like the previous
movie so I guess that said
people do not want to have another one but
they may also try to give it a
Second chance to the series in 2015
but hey you just have to wait for
true it can also be that the voices
originals in Latin are present in
the saga of ma ying-jeou in dragon ball
kai although it is only one can be x's
as it is now I dismiss leaves in the
comments what you think about this
and if you liked the video dale I like it if
you did not like dale I do not like it and if you
loved subscribe goodbye